README.md, before:

# PrimedPoll-API

### Jeremiah Iro
(https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/6901755/S1EL31qv)

**user**
- [x] *signup*
- [x] *verify account*
- [x] *upload image*
- [x] *edit profile*

- [x] *show all existing interest as created by admin*
- [x] *show all existing interest as created by admin and their polls as created by users*
- [x] *show all interest selected by a user*
- [x] *show a single interest selected interest*
- [x] *a user can deselect an interest*

- [x] *a user can create poll/options under an interest*
- [x] *show all poll a user has created, their options and total vote count*
- [x] *show one poll a user has created, their options and total vote count*
- [x] *a user can edit/update a poll he created*
- [x] *a user can delete a poll he created*

- [x] *show single options of a poll and their vote count*
- [x] *edit single option of a poll*
- [x] *delete single option of a poll*

- [x] *a user can vote*


**admin**
- [x] *view all users*
- [x] *view all polls*
- [x] *view trending intrest*

---

Signin Documentation - https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/6843654/S1ENyJhJ


Forgotpassword & Create Poll Documentation https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/6839814/S1EMWfoB

Commit message:

made interest available for annonymous user

README.md, after:

# PrimedPoll-API

### Jeremiah Iro
(https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/6901755/S1EL31qv)


**annonymous**
- [x] *show all existing interest as created by admin with affiliated poll as created by users*


**user**
- [x] *signup*
- [x] *verify account*
- [x] *upload image*
- [x] *edit profile*

- [x] *show all existing interest as created by admin*
- [x] *show all existing interest as created by admin and their polls as created by users*
- [x] *show all interest selected by a user*
- [x] *show a single interest selected interest*
- [x] *a user can deselect an interest*

- [x] *a user can create poll/options under an interest*
- [x] *show all poll a user has created, their options and total vote count*
- [x] *show one poll a user has created, their options and total vote count*
- [x] *a user can edit/update a poll he created*
- [x] *a user can delete a poll he created*

- [x] *show single options of a poll and their vote count*
- [x] *edit single option of a poll*
- [x] *delete single option of a poll*

- [x] *a user can vote*


**admin**
- [x] *admin can view all users*
- [x] *admin can view all polls and affiliated options*
- [x] *admin can view trending poll*

---

Signin Documentation - https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/6843654/S1ENyJhJ


Forgotpassword & Create Poll Documentation https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/6839814/S1EMWfoB
